content/learning-plans.md, before:

---
title: "My Learning Plans"
toc: true
---

Welcome! This is an overview of all the plans for the two-week sprints I worked thorugh during this semester. Another column has been added for a small evaluation on the completion of the goals.

## Week 15 and 16
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |
| Understand how to animate simple models in blender, both as the whole model itself and making joints for a character model, and animating movement. |  |  |
| Understand how to animate models in Unity |  |  |
| Understand the differences, advantages and disadvantages by making animations in Blender and Unity. |  |  |

## Week 12 and 13
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |


## Week 10 and 11
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |

## Week 8 and 9
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? | Evaluation |  |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :------ | :-------: |
| Understand how to make a 3D environment in Unity, and to make a character move around in it. | My plan is to continue and hopfully finish the written tutorial on Unity's own webpage. | When I have made a Unity project with a moving character.  | ** | ❌ |
| Understand how to implement a 3D model from Blender, and to be able to interact with it. | My plan is to to finish the donut tutorial and by that get a better understanding of how to do it. | When I have finished the donut tutorial and implemented the donut as an interactive object with a moving character in Unity. | *I put too much on my plate.* | ❌ |

### Summary of week 8 and 9
Didn't go as planned. I wanted to make one thing and spend too much time on figuring out how to plan everything.

## Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? | Evaluation |  |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- | :-------: |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | *The goal was comleted. Throughout these two weeks I have been working on a 2D Platform game in Unity with my teammate, and through that experience I learned scripting, inserting and manipulating objects and the interaction with the elements all together.* | ✔️ |
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | *This goal was almost completed. I had to alternate the plans slightly since I wanted to finish the 2D Platform mini project. Instead I made another tutorial with modeling a simple character and in that I got the chance to put my new modeling skills from the donut tutorial to good use.* | ❌ |

Commit message:

sleepy silas + first draft of week 17 and 18 plan

content/learning-plans.md, after:

---
title: "My Learning Plans"
toc: true
---

Welcome! This is an overview of all the plans for the two-week sprints I worked thorugh during this semester. Another column has been added for a small evaluation on the completion of the goals.

## Week 17 and 18
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |
| Make the body appear in the game. | Hopla | When you can see the body in the game. |
| Zone for hands. | Tutorial about how to do it. | When it works. |
| (MAYBE ANIMATIONS FOR THE BODY - BLENDER VS. UNITY) |  |  |

## Week 15 and 16
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |
| Understand how to animate simple models in blender, both as the whole model itself and making joints for a character model, and animating movement. |  |  |
| Understand how to animate models in Unity |  |  |
| Understand the differences, advantages and disadvantages by making animations in Blender and Unity. |  |  |

## Week 12 and 13
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |


## Week 10 and 11
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- |

## Week 8 and 9
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? | Evaluation |  |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :------ | :-------: |
| Understand how to make a 3D environment in Unity, and to make a character move around in it. | My plan is to continue and hopfully finish the written tutorial on Unity's own webpage. | When I have made a Unity project with a moving character.  | ** | ❌ |
| Understand how to implement a 3D model from Blender, and to be able to interact with it. | My plan is to to finish the donut tutorial and by that get a better understanding of how to do it. | When I have finished the donut tutorial and implemented the donut as an interactive object with a moving character in Unity. | *I put too much on my plate.* | ❌ |

### Summary of week 8 and 9
Didn't go as planned. I wanted to make one thing and spend too much time on figuring out how to plan everything.

## Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? | Evaluation |  |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- | :-------: |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | *The goal was comleted. Throughout these two weeks I have been working on a 2D Platform game in Unity with my teammate, and through that experience I learned scripting, inserting and manipulating objects and the interaction with the elements all together.* | ✔️ |
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | *This goal was almost completed. I had to alternate the plans slightly since I wanted to finish the 2D Platform mini project. Instead I made another tutorial with modeling a simple character and in that I got the chance to put my new modeling skills from the donut tutorial to good use.* | ❌ |
