content/plans-through-semester.md, before:

---
title: "[CURRENTLY TESTING] Plans throughout the semester"
toc: true
---

Welcome! This is an overview of all the plans for the two-week sprints I worked thorugh during this semester.

To see the current sprint plan [click here](../learning-plan).

### Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |Evaluation |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.|

### Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |Evaluation |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.|

### Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |Evaluation |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | Evaluate whether I achieved a satisfying result according to the plan and product.|

Commit message:

Evaluation of week 6 and 7 + new goals

content/plans-through-semester.md, after:

---
title: "Plans throughout the semester"
toc: true
---

Welcome! This is an overview of all the plans for the two-week sprints I worked thorugh during this semester. Another column has been added for a small evaluation on the completion of the goals.

To see the current sprint plan [click here](../learning-plan).

### Week 6 and 7
| Goal | How do I plan to do it?  | When has it been achieved? |Evaluation |
| :----------- | :---------------- | :------- | :-------- |
| Understand how to navigate and understand the fundamental elements in Unity. | Create a project from a template, and edit the properties to understand the way Unity works. In addition, go through the tutorial I found for the first day. | When I can create and operate objects and elements in Unity. | ✔️ *The goal was comleted. Throughout these two weeks I have been working on a 2D Platform game in Unity with Alexander, and through that experience I learned scripting, inserting and manipulating objects and the interaction with the elements all together.*
| Understand the fundamental elements in Blender. | Create and design models with Blender to use within the game from Unity, by using the tutorial for making a donut in Blender. | When it's possible to make a satisfying donut in Blender and implement this model in the Unity game. | ❌ *This goal was almost completed. I had to alternate the plans slightly since I wanted to finish the 2D Platform mini project. Instead I made another tutorial with modeling a simple character and in that I got the chance to put my new modeling skills from the donut tutorial to good use.* |
